I just told my wife,
Adapt to your walking, adapt to your walking,
Adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you Walk,
Adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you,
Adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you
You should go,
Adapt to your walking, adapt to your walking,
Adapt to your walking,
Adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you, adapt to you,
Adapt to you and go
I'm playing the door game and I want to wear it, okay, okay, okay
Hard policy for me
It's Xiaoqing's foot
think of other ways
I think you can tell the difference clearly
I speak for the sake of finding a solution
I made it clear that I would never deceive anyone.
Then your brother, I'll come first.
Your brother, look at the center of your feet
Your brother's feet, your brother's feet
I think of another way